Remove ByteMap type in favor of Bytes type (#347)
kframework/wasm-semantics: data.md

> `#set` sets a key in a map, removing the key if the value is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#set` sets a key in a map, extending the map when necessary, but only when setting non-zero values.
`#set` is total made total by ignoring invalid setting operations, i.e. trying to set an non-byte value or a negative key.
```
